Add Plotly.js docs updates for 6.3 (#5269)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/map-configuration.md

### Physical Base Maps

Plotly Geo maps have a built-in base map layer composed of *physical* and *cultural* (i.e. administrative border) data.

In **Plotly.py 6.3 and later**, the base map layer is created from the following sources:

> - [UN data](https://geoportal.un.org/arcgis/sharing/rest/content/items/d7caaff3ef4b4f7c82689b7c4694ad92/data) for country borders, coastlines, and land layers.
> - Natural Earth data for oceans, lakes, rivers, and subunit layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UN data](https://geoportal.un.org/arcgis/sharing/rest/content/items/d7caaff3ef4b4f7c82689b7c4694ad92/data) for country borders, coastlines, land, and oceans layers.
- Natural Earth data for lakes, rivers, and subunits layers.
```

In addition to physical base map features, a "cultural" base map is included which is composed of country borders and selected sub-country borders such as states.

In **Plotly.py 6.3 and later**, this base map is created from [UN data](https://geoportal.un.org/arcgis/sharing/rest/content/items/d7caaff3ef4b4f7c82689b7c4694ad92/data).

> In **earlier versions of Plotly.py**, this base map is based on Natural Earth data. Plotly includes data from Natural Earth "as-is". This dataset draws boundaries of countries according to defacto status. See the [Natural Earth page for more details](https://www.naturalearthdata.com/downloads/50m-cultural-vectors/50m-admin-0-countries-2/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In **earlier versions of Plotly.py**, this base map is based on Natural Earth data. Plotly includes data from Natural Earth "as-is". This dataset draws boundaries of countries according to de facto status. See the [Natural Earth page for more details](https://www.naturalearthdata.com/downloads/50m-cultural-vectors/50m-admin-0-countries-2/).
```
